Now for the next thing you can do with arrays,
I'll create a new array real quick
which I'll just give
join, me as elements and then I'll call concat on array and I'll pass this huge array to this method
.
Now what would you imagine that happens now?
Well let's have a look.
You see the original array is unchanged but here, this method call returns us a new array which is a
combination of the old array and the new array I'm passing as an argument to this concat function.
So concat allows you to combine two arrays into one single array
and as I just said, it's not altering any of the existing arrays,
I can print out new array too and you will see it's also unchanged
but instead, it creates a new array with the combined values or elements.
Now don't mistake concat with join.
What do you think happens if I run this?
Well that's certainly something else,
now we get this very strange oldjoin, me1join, me2join, me3join, me4
and the old arrays are untouched,
so what is this?
Well join is something completely different, it doesn't join two arrays,
it allows you to join an array into a string
and if you pass an array like here, well then basically it's just using this here as a separator,
join comma me which is why you see join comma me, join comma me and so on
as separators between the values of the old array. A more typical use case would be for example
to use a comma and a whitespace.
Now if I run this, you'll see much better what this method does,
it turns the array into a string and we tell it how to separate the elements inside the string.
Of course we can just leave out any separator, it'll just build one word.